#Ops NTSB hangout #2 -- call for agenda items!
##When: Thursday 2016-03-31, 3 pm PST (10 pm UTC)
_Please add anything you would like to chat about!_

__Participants:__

* In the interest of not posting private info -- if you want an invite, DM your gmail account address to @charity in #hangops!

__Agenda items:__

* Shall we aim for ~monthly hangouts?  (charity's feeling: anyone can call a hangout any time, please appoint a note taker and post notes so we can all catch up!)
* Time zones are a thing.  Not everyone can make every time, that's ok!  Gets hard to have a productive discussion with >$x people, so encourage more, smaller, democratized hangouts  Scheduling this one to be friendly to Australians since @rhoml requested :)
* Should we try crowd-sourcing postmortems for outages that weren't publicly processed!?  OMG this sounds so amazing (credit to @petey5k, I think)
* Good incident response policies are SO contextual.  Should we post some case studies (interview or article style?).  Could tag with size of company, maturity, service type, SLA, other useful contextual clues to guide people towards creating appropriate policies for their environment
* Over-engineering incident response is just as damaging as under-valuing or under-excuting.
* Gotten lots of great feedback on the first book reports -- should we reach out and specifically solicit contributions?  Any thoughts on next steps?
* Lex has joined #incident_response and plugged us in SREWeekly!  So exciting to see more people with new ideas show up.  Any newbies want to introduce themselves and what's on their minds lately?
* Other topics?
